# ymf
Young Republic Foundation
YRF aims to achieve the dream of transparent politics through the usage of cutting-edge technology and interpreting the realistic performance of the ruling politicans with genuine reports having envious credibility.
We strongly believe that every voter has the right to question the respective politician of their area about the impact they've made or about the activities that positively impacted the people in the society in their rule.Always we were wondeing of the problems or thought of solutions to the problems but couldn't take it to next level owing to innumerous parameters.But now,YRF stands with every such individual and also YRF understands,interprets the activities of the ruling politicians of every locality with solid technological advancements & reports with no partiality and with utmost transparency.
We are striving to make a clean political scenario where a lay-man could eventually understand where every citizen's money is being spent on or how the basic problems such as health,education,safety,transportation and employment are addressed and how his/her life is being dramatically changed by the ruling party's mission.
What takes it to be a part of YRF? We are a not-for-profit foundation and we welcome every responsible young milennial or any citizen to take part in our journey. Are you fed up with corruption? Are you exhasuted by innumerous complaints to the local politicans about some vital problems which haven't been resolved? You are at the right place.Let's question,let's create awareness,let's get our things done and let's move together to build a clean India.
